[docs] clarify docs manual local credentials for internal distribution (#12404)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/internal-distribution.md

The next step is to generate or update the provisioning profile. When you proceed to running a build, you will be guided through this process.

> > **Are you using manual local credentials?** Make sure to point your `credentials.json` to an ad hoc <!-- or enterprise -->provisioning profile that you generate through the Apple Developer portal. You need to replace the path of the provisioning profile or swap `credentials.json` with one that refers to the provisioning profile when building for internal distribution. Beware that EAS CLI does only a limited validation of your local credentials, and you will have to handle device UDID registration manually. Read more about [using local credentials](/app-signing/local-credentials.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Are you using manual local credentials?** Make sure to point your `credentials.json` to an ad hoc or enterprise provisioning profile that you generate through the Apple Developer portal (either update an existing credentials.json used for another type of distribution or replace it with a new one that points to the appropriate provisioning profile). Beware that EAS CLI does only a limited validation of your local credentials, and you will have to handle device UDID registration manually. Read more about [using local credentials](/app-signing/local-credentials.md).
```
